
# Project Title

Admins
id - int
email - varchar
password - varchar
role - varchar
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp
name - varchar
username - varchar

Users
id - int
email - varchar
username- varchar
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp
password - varchar

Likes
id - int
post_id - int
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp
user_id  - int

Categories
id - int
category - varchar
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp

Posts
id - int
category_id - int
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp
slug - varchar
post_body - text  longtext

Comments
id - int
post_id - int
comment - text
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp

Newsletters
email - varchar
name - varchar
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp
id - int

Breaking news
id - int
title - text
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp
post_id - int

Visitors
id - int
ip_address - varchar
device_model - varchar
operating_system - varchar
country region - varchar
time_logon - timestamp
time_logoff- timestamp

Clicks
id - int
post_id - int
created at - timestamp
deleted at - timestamp
updated at - timestamp



